you may take the subway back and forth to work five days a week.
a four door car has four entrances for passengers to enter.
the word children means two or more kids.
each human hand almost always contains five fingers, or four fingers and a thumb.
how do you win at tic-tac-toe get three of your symbols in a row.
a bradypus torquatus is native to brazil and has three toes on each limb.
a prime number are divisible by only two numbers, one and itself.
reality is three dimensional real life, tv shows portray two dimensional fake life.
a game of chess may have three outcomes.
one of the seven days of the week is saturday.
a square is a shape with four equally lengthed sides.
with just eight days in office, francis michael forde was australia's shortest-serving prime minister.
a violin is a stringed instrument with four strings.
a kid can count up to five on one hand typically.
fifty is equal to five times ten.
a banjo may have four or five strings.
snowflake have six sides.
boeing and lockheed are two aeronautics companies.
a woman owns one cat and two dogs. she needs to feed all three pets everyday.
we have ten fingers.
a triangle can be drawn from three points.
a classical guitar has six strings.
aggression can be used if two ore more persons are in conflict.
golf courses differ from location to location, but all have nine to eighteen holes.
triceratops was a dinosaur that had three horns on its head.
clams have evolved to have two shells.
to strip wire, get a firm grip on wire winding it around your four fingers, place hanging wire in a wire stripper, close and pull down.
motorcycle is a kind of vehicle with two wheels.
an easel can have three or four legs.
there are seven continents on our planet earth.
most motorcycles have two tires.
usually a can of tennis balls has at least three balls in it.
a triangle is a geometric shape that is made up of three sides.
spiders have eight legs.
a family consists of at least two people.
we have five toes on each foot.
a proton is made of three quarks.
a rectange is a closed shape with four sides at right angles.
a person has two legs, two ears, two eyes, one mouth and one head.
presidential elections are held every four years in the us.
in a chess game it is very difficult to beat someone in seven moves.
a car seats usually two to six passengers.
a game of chess includes four bishops.
a triangle with three equal sides is an equilateral triangle.
"double" means two times.
people seem to need at least six hours of sleep a night.
a map is a two-dimensional representation of a three dimensional reality.
people have no more than two legs.
barbershop quartet have four voices.
a person has one head.
a pair of pants is for one third of a three piece suit.
zip code in the u.s. has five or nine digits.
there are three hundred sixty five and one quarter days in an earth year.
clams are animals with two shells.
there are three types of rock.
any closed two-dimensional shape must have at least three sides.
trumpet have three valves.
quadrupeds have four legs.
spring and summer are two of four seasons.
bricks are six sided.
a woman owns one cat and two dogs. she needs to feed all three pets everyday.
shirts with no buttons are called pullovers.
most people have ten fingers.
a decade-long plan is something to do in the next ten years.
a person has two legs.
there are three major types of guitars: acoustic, electric and bass.
almost all people are born with two eyebrows.
in the olympics, medals are awarded to the three winners of each sport.
a modern government usually has at least three branches.
a line is two dimensional.
cats have two ears.
a corner has two sides.
a snowflake has six sides.
the four seasons are winter, spring, summer, and autumn.
a woman bought two cookies for her two children. she gives a cookie to each child.
bobcats have four legs.
a point has no dimensions.
mammals usually have four limbs.
squares have four equal sides.
date has two people.
you are likely to find eight planets in the solar system.
oxygen molecules can be composed of two atoms of oxygen.
paul is no longer three years old anymore. he is at least four now.
normal dogs have four legs.
almost no animal have three legs.
a person wants to eat three meals a day.
you use two fingers for making a snap.
an animal that has no legs is a fish.
hexagons have six sides.
a bicycle has two wheels, one handle bar, and two pedals.
a painting is a two dimensional piece of art made using paint.
there are ten years in a decade.
love has two people.
an average human being has two arms.
tabby cat have four legs.
a restaurant table seats from two to eight people.
a car has four wheels and an internal combustion engine.
evergreen trees have no leaves and stay green all year long.
both composting and burning firewood are two sustainable ways of living.
a human has two legs and two arms.
arachnids are animals that have eight jointed legs, an exoskeleton, and a two-part body.
there are no monks or nuns in judaism.
if you quarter a pie, you will have four pieces of pie.
the bird landed on its two feet.
there are five great lakes in north america.
automobiles have four tires.
a sidewalk is used for a place to walk where no cars will drive.
humans require eight hours of sleep a night.
a chord is any simultaneous playing of three or more notes.
dice is a kind of cubes with six faces.
a prison cell has no windows.
if you had no eyes you could not watch television.
a dining table can usually have four legs or a pedestal.
a spider has eight legs.
japan is an archipelago with four major and many minor islands.
elephant have four legs.
new zealand is a country with two main islands.
normally people have two legs.
canberra observatory have four telescopes under domes.
rainbow have seven colors.
one whale plus one whale plus one whale equals three whales.
a checkbook holder doesn't hold checks if there are no checks to hold.
each human hand has ten digits.
once every four years is a leap year.
three dimensions are length, width and height.
many college students earn a degree in four years.
a chicken has two legs.
the two parties in american politics are the democrats and the republicans.
healthy human beings have ten fingers.
pregnancy lasts approximately nine or ten months.
rainbow have seven colours.
human beings have only seven neck bones.
a conventional bicycle has two wheels, two pedals, and no motor.
a room consists of no less than four walls, a floor, and a ceiling.
zip code in the u.s. has five or nine digits.
index card cabinets have eight 90 degree angles.
the four cardinal points of the compass are north, south, east and west.
twins are two identical children.
common table have four side legs.
a cube has eight regular vertices.
a typical stairway has two or more steps going up or down.
a water molecule has two hydrogen atoms.
a triangle is a geometric figure with three distinct sides.
the five senses are sight, hearing, touch, smell and taste.
a bradypus torquatus is native to brazil and has three clawed toes on each limb.
sarah was pregnant for around nine months in total.
people have two arms.
most bicycles have two wheels arranged in tandem.
people usually have five toes on each of their feet.
a woman owns three cats and gives one of them away to her sister. she now owns only two cats.
a ring has no sides.
jumping rope requires no less than one foot.
one dollar can be represented by ten dimes.
a proton is made of three independent quarks.
antelope have four legs.
a triangle has three distinct corners.
a professor in math is answering a question. he answers two could be divided by one plus one.
thirty usually are ten more than twenty.
a simple tripod has three legs.
index card storage cabinets have eight 90 degree angles.
phobos orbits mars about once every seven square hours, much faster than mars' rotation.
a pentagon has five sides.
winning a chess game in seven moves is very impressive.
one in four also means a quarter.
the number six looks like a nine upside down.
a lobster lives on the ocean floor and has five functional pairs of legs.
badminton is a game played by two or four male players.
a leg table is a flat surface supported by three or more legs.
earth have six populated continents.
most people in the u.s. works eight consecutive hours in a business day.
snowflake have six different sides.
a wall divides one room into two rooms.
a convex hexagon is a closed shape with six sides.
a large bouquet of flowers means a group of more than two flowers.
many buddhists try to have no desires.
a door has four different sides.
scallops are animals that have two internal shells and live on the ocean floor.
nothing with legs can stand on zero legs.
many jeeps are four wheeled vehicles.
there are four basic types of forces in the universe.
a human being has five functional fingers on each hand.
a kangaroo kangaroo rat has two legs for jumping.
a standard dice has six sides.
once every four odd years is a leap year.
a normal cube has eight corners.
having sex is usually an activity for two people.
the seven cardinal virtues are faith, hope, love, prudence, justice, fortitude, and temperance.
if it does not have six legs then it is not an insect.
a grid is a regular pattern in two spatial dimensions.
all triangles have three curved sides and three corners.
a set of standard poker card deck has fifty two cards in four suites.
a pentagram has ten cardinal points in total.
liquid water becomes solid at a temperature of zero degrees centigrade, or 32 degrees fahrenheit.
airplanes have two separate wings.
a round ball has no sides.
a typical conservation usually needs at least two people.
seven of the largest national parks are in alaska.
a tennis ball has no sides.
a person's hand generally has five normal fingers, including the thumb.
a french horn has three keys.
